This page contains the discussions from the "Open source processes for OpenRISC" session at the OpenRISC Project Meeting 2012.

__TOC__

=== Processes for review/maintainers ===
*   How we work within the project/organising the project?
**  Do we need a project manager?
*** Defining the role: Managing groups of people (i.e. 4 people working on something, perhaps joining forces) keeping organisational structure up to date on the wiki
*** Olof: taking charge of defining the role
*** Perhaps domain specific managers and someone managing they keep talking?
**  Process of review
*** Taking or1ksim structure and process, is this suitable for other parts?
*** At the very least should be documented.
**  Too many patches just left in the mailing list, system we have doesn't work.
*** Is silence (non-object) a sign of approval?

=== Structure of the project ===


=== Choice of version control system ===


=== Where should repositories live? ===


=== Mailing lists and IRC ===
