This page holds information about OpenRISC Project meetings.

= Fall/Autumn 2012, Stockholm =

A meeting is proposed for developers and users of the OpenRISC Project in late 2012.

== Audience ==

It is intended that the meeting would be useful for both developers and users of the platform to attend.

== Date & Time ==

The date for the event is '''Saturday, October 13''' from 11:30 with presentations beginning at 12:00.

== Venue ==

Realtime Embedded, Sveavagen 64, Stockholm, Sweden

Further details can be found here: [http://www.rte.se/sv/kontakt http://www.rte.se/sv/kontakt]

== Schedule ==

It is planned that the event will be run over Saturday and Sunday, with the bulk of the presentations on the Saturday.

=== Saturday ===

The day will formally begin at about midday, with a light lunch being provided from 11:30AM to encourage people to come along a little early.

There will be a brief welcome and introduction of the sponsors before we begin presentations.

Below is the running order of the day, estimated lengths of sessions and some times that certain sessions are expected to start.

{| style="border-collapse: separate; border-spacing: 0; border-width: 1px; border-style: solid; border-color: #000; padding: 0"
|-
! style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 1px 0"| Time
! style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 1px 0"| Length
! style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 1px 0"| Presentation
! style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 1px 0"| Who
|-
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 0 0"| 12:00
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| 30 min
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| Welcome, introduction
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0 1px 0 0"| hosts, [[OpenRISC_Project_Meeting#Sponsors|sponsors]]
|-
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 0 0"| 
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| 20 min
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [[Talk:OpenRISC_Project_Meeting#OpenRISC_development_boards_and_modules|OpenCores & OpenRISC boards]] 
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0 1px 0 0"| Michael Unneback
|-
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 0 0"| 
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| 30 min
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [[Talk:OpenRISC_Project_Meeting#OpenRISC_for_Newbies|OpenRISC for newbies]]
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0 1px 0 0"| Sven-Ã…ke Andersson
|-
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 0 0"| 13:30
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| 40 min
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [[Talk:OpenRISC_Project_Meeting#eCos_for_OpenRISC|eCos for OpenRISC]]
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0 1px 0 0"| Piotr Skrzypek
|-
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 0 0"| 
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| 30 min
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [[Talk:OpenRISC_Project_Meeting#ORPSoCv3|ORPSoCv3]]
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0 1px 0 0"| [[User:Olof|Olof Kindgren]]
|-
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 0 0"| 15:00
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| 30 min
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [[Talk:OpenRISC_Project_Meeting#mor1kx_core_presentation|The new mor1kx CPU core]]
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0 1px 0 0"| [[User:Julius|Julius Baxter]], Stefan Kristiansson
|-
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 0 0"| 
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| 30 min
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [[Talk:OpenRISC_Project_Meeting#LLVM_for_OpenRISC|LLVM for OpenRISC]]
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0 1px 0 0"| Stefan Kristiansson
|-
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 0 0"| 
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| 30 min
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [[Talk:OpenRISC_Project_Meeting#Dynamic_linking_with_OpenRISC_Linux_toolchain|Dynamic linking with OpenRISC toolchain]]
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0 1px 0 0"| Stefan Kristiansson
|-
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0 0 0 0"| 17:00
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| 90 min
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0"| [[Talk:OpenRISC_Project_Meeting#Open_source_processes_for_OpenRISC|Open source processes for OpenRISC]]
| style="border-style: solid; border-width: 0 1px 0 0"| Chair: [[User:Jeremybennett|Jeremy Bennett]]
|}

=== Sunday ===

It is likely devs will wish to meet up on Sunday for the following BoF-like sessions:

* [[Talk:OpenRISC_Project_Meeting#OR1K_architectural_revision_discussion|OR1K architectural revision discussion]]
* [[Talk:OpenRISC_Project_Meeting#Bug_squashing_session|Bug squashing session]]
* [[Talk:OpenRISC_Project_Meeting#OR2K_architectural_discussion|OR2K discussion]]

No venue or time has been arranged yet for these sessions.

== Register Intent ==

Please fill in the details on the following link to indicate whether you're likely to come along.

[https://docs.google.com/a/orsoc.se/spreadsheet/viewform?formkey=dC1rQW45emhGZHY0NU1YME9oMVhEcWc6MQ Please register intent to attend here.]

== Presentation Proposals ==

No more long presentations can be fit in for the day, however '''if you'd like to do a [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lightning_talk lightning talk] we'd really like that''' and we'll find a way to fit you in, so please submit your topic as per below! (Or just come along on the day and we'll see what we can do.)

Please submit presentation proposals on the discussion page for this wiki article.

[[Talk:OpenRISC_Project_Meeting|Submit presentation proposals here]].

Alternatively please post them to the [[OR1K:Community_Portal#Mailing_lists|OpenRISC mailing lists]].

== Sponsors ==

[[File:Rtelogo.png|link=http://www.rte.se|Realtime Embedded]]

[http://www.rte.se Realtime Embedded] are the primary sponsor of the event, kindly providing a venue and refreshments.


[[File:orsoclogo.jpg|link=http://www.orsoc.se|ORSoC]]

[http://www.orsoc.se ORSoC] are the owners and operators of OpenCores and are kindly providing lunch for the event.

== Contact ==

Please contact juliusbaxter@gmail.com or post to the [[OR1K:Community_Portal#Mailing_lists|OpenRISC mailing lists]] for further information or presentation proposals. 

[http://freenode.net/using_the_network.shtml IRC] is also a good way to get in touch, try in '''#opencores''' or '''#openrisc''' on '''irc.freenode.net'''
